hello hello and welcome to the show
today on LEGO creations pixel art I am
going to venture into in my opinion one
of the best games of all time I would
put it in my top three and this is going
to be vault boy from the fallout 3
Fallout franchise is something that has
stuck out for a long time for everyone
but when fallout 3 came out it changed
our impressions of what to expect for an
RPG it gave the first real effect of a
futuristic open world aspect taking what
they had started with in the Elder
Scrolls series and turning it into the
Fallout series as far as the engine is
concerned was was just brilliant dad
don't get me wrong I love me some some
Elder Scrolls and love me some Skyrim
but fallout 3 man that's one of the
games that no matter what I will never
sell it's going to be with me for the
rest of my life
so enough talking about how great and
wonderful this game is if you like my
videos don't forget that like and
subscribe if you'd like to see anything
built specifically go ahead and leave a
suggestion down below and I will do my
best to get to it
hello to all my subscribers and I will
see you next time